```
Note: druids are not required to wear these designs, and are free to customize
them to their liking.

The title and parts in brackets should be customized to the druid's liking; a druid who
felt more akin to fire, for instance, might have crimson robes, with an
embroidered motif of leaping flames, and beads of garnet, jacinth or topaz.
```

Sea hued druidic robes

Woven from a lightweight but sturdy cotton, this robe-and-mantle combination is
dyed a vivid [sea blue], countershot with one silver silk thread in twenty for
added luster. The cut is severe, and relatively unadorned, with simple
single-thread silver embroidery mimicking [a stylized wavefront] at cuffs, hems
and seams. The mantle is held secure with a double-frapped cotton sash of the
same weaving, secured at the ends by crimped clasps of dulled silver inlaid
with abalone shell. The only other ornamentation is over the left breast, an
eight-pointed rayed star, picked out in sewn-in [aquamarine] beads.

---

```
Note: the color of these robes is up to the druid's liking.
```

Druidic robes of nature

Designed to be worn either over other clothing or alone, these robes are
fashioned from a soft weave of bamboo and cotton that gives both texture and a
subtle shifting sheen to the fabric. A full hood drapes at the back in soft
folds when not drawn up. The front closure is embroidered with a placket of
knotwork vines from the throat to the lower hem which ends just at the ankle
and long sleeves flare slightly from the elbow to wrist to give a bell shape.
The back of the robe is embroidered with a circular mandala, a tree and roots
at the center quartering it. Each quarter is centered with an elemental rune
for earth, air, fire and water.