These badges have been designed by Zolixa and are to be forged for the members
of the Justice Office. Questions or concerns can be directed to the Head
Marshall or Guild leadership.

NOTE: Specialized badges may be added to this list as decided by the Head
Marshall. Any concerns about who is allowed to have a badge should be directed
to the Head Marshall. The first marshall badge is to be restricted to the
appointed first marshall only.

------

gold head marshall badge (dyecast: yellow, ordernumber 4)

With a sharp pin that allows it to be attached to other clothing, this
glittering shield shaped badge is forged of polished gold and wreathed in a
frame of olive branches around the edges. Set into the center of the badge, a
pair of justice scales is perfectly balanced with a gold gilt pair of
restraints resting on one side, and a scripted plaque on the other. Bold
lettering forms the phrase: "Justice, Duty, Honor, Mercy, Hope" along the
plaque. Propped up against the base of the scales, a razor edged broadsword has
the words "Head Marshall of the Gahlen Justice Department" scribed down the
surface of the blade itself.

---

silver first marshall badge (dyecast: grey, ordernumber 4)

With a sharp pin that allows it to be attached to other clothing, this
glittering shield shaped badge is forged of polished silver and wreathed in a
frame of olive branches around the edges. Set into the center of the badge, a
pair of justice scales is perfectly balanced with a gold gilt pair of
restraints resting on one side, and a scripted plaque on the other. Bold
lettering forms the phrase: "Justice, Duty, Honor, Mercy, Hope" along the
plaque. Propped up against the base of the scales, a razor edged broadsword has
the words "First Marshall of the Gahlen Justice Department" scribed down the
surface of the blade itself.

---

silver marshall badge (dyecast: grey, ordernumber 4)

With a sharp pin that allows it to be attached to other clothing, this
glittering shield shaped badge is forged of polished silver and wreathed in a
frame of olive branches around the edges. Set into the center of the badge, a
pair of justice scales is perfectly balanced with a gold gilt pair of
restraints resting on one side, and a scripted plaque on the other. Bold
lettering forms the phrase: "Justice, Duty, Honor, Mercy, Hope" along the
plaque. Propped up against the base of the scales, a razor edged broadsword has
the words "Marshall of the Gahlen Justice Department" scribed down the surface
of the blade itself.

---

copper deputy badge (dyecast: red, ordernumber 4)

With a sharp pin that allows it to be attached to other clothing, this
glittering shield shaped badge is forged of polished copper and wreathed in a
frame of olive branches around the edges. Set into the center of the badge, a
pair of justice scales is perfectly balanced with a gold gilt pair of
restraints resting on one side, and a scripted plaque on the other. Bold
lettering forms the phrase: "Justice, Duty, Honor, Mercy, Hope" along the
plaque. Propped up against the base of the scales, a razor edged broadsword has
the words "Deputy of the Gahlen Justice Department" scribed down the surface of
the blade itself.