These are designs for the Waylumi Clerics and Devoted. Several of the items
are for specific orders which are listed in the individual notes. Many of
the items include engravings! So watch out for that.

------
```
Robe may be requested to be dyed a different color.
```

Waylumi clerical robes {ID robes, ordernumber 4, dye grey} [[[For Clergy]]]

Pure white flowing silk falls comfortably from the shoulders to feet of this
robe. The sleeves run the length of the arm, loose and free flowing with cuffs
of deep blue. A simple cowl can be pulled over the head ending above the brow,
its inner lining catching all incoming light to bathe the wearer's face in a
warm glow. Running along the outside edge of the cowl, down the length of the
front opening and sides of the body, to the floor is an intertwined pattern of
gold and silver embroidery. Around the waist, silvery satin rope holds the
garment in place. Several blue crystal gems are sewn into place along the
front, with matching opening on their opposite side to fasten the robe closed.
Stitched on to the back of each shoulder a beautiful dove, one clasping a
magnificent blue mace, the other a shining golden gem.

---

```
This medallion has an engraving!
```

Silver dove medallion {ID medallion, ordernumber 2, dye grey} [[[For All Faithful]]]

Cast from a shimmering silver and exquisitely embossed with the majestic form
of a regal dove, this medallion appears to reflect and refract all available
light, the effect striking in its beatific luminosity. Captured in mid-flight,
wings spread wide in apparent victory, a single vigilant eye peers out at the
viewer, it's sapphire gaze bright with some inner wisdom, the artistry so
exacting that the shimmering gem creates the illusion of a fathomless,
unquestioned depth of love. Grasped between strong, dexterous talons is a
glimmering mace, its length inlaid with a single clear-cut, multi-faceted
diamond, the smooth head of the weapon given tines of purest, refracted light.

Engraving:
Love, Honor, Wisdom, Vigilance

---

```
Order of Love. This has an engraving! You may need to adjust the ordernumber
per the customer's request.
```

Gold and quartz aegis (ID aegis, ordernumber 3, yellow) [[[Order of Love]]]
A shield in miniature is suspended from a golden linked chain, both insignia
and halcyon strand forged from the most peerless minerals that the Jemeleon
mines have to offer. Fashioned into a small echo of a kite shield, the
shimmering emblem is round at the top and tapers to a dangerous point at its
base. At its back, where the traditional enarmes would sit - the grips designed
to affix a true shield to the wearer's arm - there is instead a simple clasping
mechanism that allows one to wear it as a broach or a pin, should they choose
to forego the chain. Subtly convex is the polished face of the aegis, and
affixed upon this delicate curve is a bejeweled figure rife with meaning.
Shaped with devotion and care from mellow lemon quartz is a pair of hands
clasped in prayer, palms pressed to one another reverently: the regalia of the
Order of the Immaculate Heart. The gemstone is breathtaking in its clarity,
those delicate hands rendered in sharp relief upon incandescent stone the color
of pale eastern sunlight. A simple letter S has been engraved into the back of
the shield, denoting its designer as Seraphine.

Engraving:
At first glance, this tiny gilded shield appears to be bordered by a complex
network of symbols and patterns - an elegant design that serves to enhance the
glittering yellow symbol at its heart. Closer inspection reveals that motif to
be born of words etched and repeated over and over like an eternal prayer,
their presence imbuing the emblem with a sense of peaceful veneration: "Know
you the Love of the Light. In your heart and in your mind, let the true Love of
the Light shine. Be generous with the blessings given unto you and show
compassion to those souls in need..."

---

```
Order of Honor
```

Belt of the unbroken bond {ID belt, ordernumber 9, dye red} [[[Order of Honor]]]

Fashioned of supple leather, braided rope, and tiny chain links, though
intricate, this belt is not eye-catching per se but it is of true refinement. A
dark brown strip of leather only a couple centimeters wide has a reddish hue to
it and extends around the waist. A few slits have been cut into one of the ends
of the leather to string or tie the rope through, allowing adjustment or
tightening as necessary. Dainty gold chain links are carefully woven through
the vivid red rope in a snaking pattern offering the slightest reflection of
light. The rope is sewn atop the leather and extends beyond the strip, with
much extra slack that the two braided ends hang down the front of the wearer
somewhere between the thighs and the calves, depending. On each end of the rope
is a small, square leather tag. Embroidered in a white thread upon one tag is a
dove encompassed within a laurel wreath and upon the other is a chalice. Each
representing honor and mediating peace as a part of the Order of Honor of
Waylumi.

---

```
Order of Honor, it has an engraving!
```

Gold and ruby aegis {ID aegis, ordernumber 3, dye brightred} [[[Order of Honor]]]

A shield in miniature is suspended from a golden linked chain, both insignia
and halcyon strand forged from the most immaculate minerals that the Jemeleon
mines have to offer. Fashioned into a small echo of a kite shield, the
shimmering emblem is round at the top and tapers to a dangerous point at its
base. At its back, where the traditional enarmes would sit - the grips designed
to affix a true shield to the wearer's arm - there is instead a simple clasping
mechanism that allows one to wear it as a broach or a pin, should they choose
to forego the chain. Subtly convex is the polished face of the aegis, and
affixed upon this delicate curve is a bejeweled figure rife with meaning.
Shaped with devotion and care from a single sanguine ruby is a phoenix in
mid-flight, plumed tail curling protectively about the base of the shield: the
regalia of the Order of the Unbroken Bond. The gemstone is breathtaking in its
clarity, fierce freedom captured in wings rendered with sharp relief upon
incandescent stone the color of a setting sun. A simple letter S has been
engraved into the back of the shield, denoting its designer as Seraphine.

Engraving:
At first glance, this tiny gilded shield appears to be bordered by a complex
network of symbols and patterns - an elegant design that serves to enhance the
glittering crimson symbol at its heart. Closer inspection reveals that motif to
be born of words etched and repeated over and over like an eternal prayer,
their presence imbuing the emblem with a sense of unyielding will: "Know you
the Honor of the Light. Walk bold with truth in hand and free forever be within
the light of the path from the lies and wicked dealings of the darkness. Refuse
the temptation to adopt its ways, for darkness only creates darkness..."

---

```
Order of Honor
```

Gabardine phoenix cloak

Woven threads of fine silk and cotton muslin are worked into this lightweight
garbardine cloak, the combined fabrics allowing it to be soft and comfortable,
yet far more durable to the elements. Dyed a brilliant shade of pure scarlet
along the outside, the cloak has a heavy embroidered border around the edges,
sewn in silver-spun metallic thread that glints with the natural movement of
the garment. The center of the cloak has an arching wreath of silver chain
links, forming a frame around an emblazoned phoenix, its talons clasped against
the lowest curve of the unbroken circle. With wings outstretched like a
protective fiery shield, the majestic fire feathered bird is turned to be
looking out from the cloak with an eerie and almost piercing gaze, eyes
accented by shards of pure ruby. Less metallic yet still silver, the inside of
the cloak is lined in a layer of ultra fine silk, allowing it to be sleek and
cool against skin or fur. At the front of the cloak, by the collarbone, the
only form of fastening is a silver laurel wreath with a sharp spike and a tiny
hinge that pierces through the cloak to hold it in place. The length of the
cloak comes barely to the back of the calves, allowing it to be long enough to
cover most of the body without being so long that it gets in the way of
movement, the soft textures allowing it to sweep and billow easily.

---

```
Order of Honor
```

Silver unbroken honor chain {ID chain, ordernumber 3, dye grey} [[[Order of Honor]]]

Just thick enough to be durable without being heavy, this chain is made of
mirror polished silver, the surface reflecting its surroundings with every
movement and almost making the chain glow in the right lighting. Etched into
the surface of the silver in intricate detail, the image of a dove in flight
flutters like a mirage over the mirrored background, visible only in glimpses
like the angelic wings of a guardian, ever present but rarely seen except from
the corner of ones eye. An ultra thin ribbon of claret polished copper runs
along the very center of the chain, woven through the links like an unbroken
bond, the deep blood hue standing out in contrast to the silver.

---

```
Order of Wisdom
```

Gold illuminated brooch of wisdom {ID brooch, ordernumber 5, dye yellow} [[[Order of Wisdom]]]
Fastened with a small pin and clasp on the posterior side, this brooch shines a
brilliant gold. The only dabble of differentiating color are two carefully set,
inlaid sapphire eyes of the dove. Swirling pools of endless blue, there seems
to be more behind these eyes, something wise and all-knowing. The dove, in
midflight, is most detailed with its wings spread and shimmering, stern gaze
forward. Where one would suspect a mace, its two feet, in fact, clench onto a
thick and rich looking tome, the pages spread open for all to see. So lifelike,
but without legible words, it's unsure if the tome is of ancient literature or
something else. Inscribed upon the lower binding of the tome in elegant script
is: 'The Resplendent Mind', representing the Order of Wisdom of Waylumi.

---
```
Order of Wisdom
```

Resplendent mind sash {ID sash, ordernumber 9, dye white} [[[Order of Wisdom]]]
Pure white, this luxurious charmeuse silk sash shimmers in the light, seeming
to have a life of its own. Embroidered in royal blue along the front are
symbols of the Order of the Resplendent Mind: Wisdom. An open scroll, a quill
in ink, and a parchment are wreathed with writings and words captured within
the argent grasp of subtly glittering silver thread. These writings follow the
sleek line of the sash as it drapes about the wearer's waist, echoing
sentiments and prayers for clarity of mind and heart. The reverent words
embroidered onto the length of fabric echo the creeds of Waylumi: "Know the
Wisdom of the Light. Be wise in the ways of the Light of the path. Discern with
keen eyes and an open heart the truth of all things illuminated..." A carefully
stitched tag placed inside the sash marks Cleta as its designer.

---

Silver and sapphire aegis {ID aegis, ordernumber 3, dyecast brightblue} [[[Order of Wisdom]]]
A shield in miniature is suspended from an argent linked chain, both insignia
and silver strand forged from the most immaculate minerals that the Jemeleon
mines have to offer. Fashioned into a small echo of a kite shield, the
shimmering emblem is round at the top and tapers to a dangerous point at its
base. At its back, where the traditional enarmes would sit - the grips designed
to affix a true shield to the wearer's arm - there is instead a simple clasping
mechanism that allows one to wear it as a broach or a pin, should they choose
to forego the chain. Subtly convex is the polished face of the aegis pendant,
and affixed upon this delicate curve is a bejeweled figure rife with meaning.
Shaped with devotion and care from fathomless cobalt sapphire is an hourglass
topped with a wide and watchful eye: the regalia of the Order of the
Resplendent Mind. The gemstone is breathtaking in its clarity, descending motes
of sand carved and rendered in sharp relief upon stone the color of endless
sunlit waters. A simple letter S has been engraved into the back of the shield,
denoting its designer as Seraphine.

Engraving:
At first glance, this tiny silvered shield appears to be bordered by a complex
network of symbols and patterns - an elegant design that serves to enhance the
glittering cobalt symbol at its heart. Closer inspection reveals that motif to
be born of words etched and repeated over and over like an eternal prayer,
their presence imbuing the emblem with a sense of sharp clarity: "Know the
Wisdom of the Light. Be wise in the ways of the Light of the path. Discern with
keen eyes and an open heart the truth of all things illuminated. Stand firm
holding the Light in one hand, the rod of Truth in the other..."

---

Silver and emerald aegis {ID aegis, ordernumber 3, dye brightgreen} [[[Order of Vigilance]]]

A shield in miniature is suspended from an argent linked chain, both insignia
and silver strand forged from the most immaculate minerals that the Jemeleon
mines have to offer. Fashioned into a small echo of a kite shield, the
shimmering emblem is round at the top and tapers to a dangerous point at its
base. At its back, where the traditional enarmes would sit - the grips designed
to affix a true shield to the wearer's arm - there is instead a simple clasping
mechanism that allows one to wear it as a broach or a pin, should they choose
to forego the chain. Subtly convex is the polished face of the aegis pendant,
and affixed upon this delicate curve is a bejeweled figure rife with meaning.
Shaped with devotion and care from deep green emerald is the fierce countenance
of a dove, mace clutched firmly in her talons: the regalia of the Order of the
Mace in Claw. The gemstone is breathtaking in its clarity, those fierce symbols
rendered in sharp relief upon stone the color of a sun-dappled forest. A simple
letter S has been engraved into the back of the shield, denoting its designer
as Seraphine.

Engraving:
At first glance, this tiny silvered shield appears to be bordered by a complex
network of symbols and patterns - an elegant design that serves to enhance the
glittering green symbol at its heart. Closer inspection reveals that motif to
be born of words etched and repeated over and over like an eternal prayer,
their presence imbuing the emblem with a sense of devoted protectiveness: "Know
the Vigilance of the Light. The Light is ever watchful, shining eternal from
all things that shine with illumination, both within and without. Hold courage
and valor in your hearts to shield yourself and others from the darkness that
seeks to destroy..."

---

Silver pendant of vigilance (silver)  [[[Order of Vigilance]]]

Silver has been forged into four thin, strong chains that have been woven
together to make them nigh unbreakable. The chains support a mix of steel and
silver, formed into a sturdy heater shield pendant with an array of symbols
inlaid upon it. Green Andradite and amazonite crystals have been carefully set
into the steel near the top of the shield, carved into an ever watchful eye
that reflects the light. Below the ever vigilant eye is an alabaster dove,
wings spread wide, with a shining silver mace clutched within its claws. Below
the dove, the words "The light is ever watchful" have been meticulously etched
into the polished steel.

---

```
There is a [Personalized message] in the description!
```

Gold ring of the defender {ID ring, ordernumber 5, dye yellow}  [[[All Orders]]]

This golden ring fits snugly on the wearer's index finger. Its face is formed
into a crest. At its top is the Waylumi temple with Lady of Light shining above
it. Below the temple, Gahlen is depicted at siege. On the right edge of the
ring, orcs attempt to break through a phalanx of defenders. On the left edge of
the ring, a looming dark figure climbs the  walls only to be held at bay by the
same group of defenders. While the ring itself is bright gold, somehow the
armor of the defenders shines even brighter and is matched only by the glow of
the Lady of Light. You see the defenders of the city bear the holy symbols of
the Lady as her trusted clergy and followers. In the center of the ring stand
Gahlen's citizens. While defenseless, they show no fear; only pride and trust
in the Lady's paladins. Though the defenders stand clearly outnumbered, their
faces depict determination and sheer will. United, they stand in an unbroken
defense of the city, its people, and the Lady of Light. Two words are inscribed
into  the arms of the ring. The right side, "Vigilance" is carved against a
brick wall. On its counter, "Love" is written into the leaves of a wreath. Both
words scroll and meet at the bottom where a dove wielding a mace is stamped
into base. [Personalized message] is etched into the inner lining of the ring.

---

Waylumi lace prayer shawl {ID shawl, ordernumber 4, dye grey}

Raw spider silk has been spun into delicate, if slightly fuzzy, threads and
worked with infinite care into a beautiful shawl of ethereal wonder. Long
enough to surpass the arm span of an average elf and half as wide, each fiber
has been dyed the palest of greys and carries with it an iridescent shimmer
that glimmers in even the lowest of lights with a quiet elegance. Carefully
woven, the lace reveals a pair of wings from a dove spread wide in flight so as
the garment is donned, the feathers curl about the wearer in a warm and
comforting embrace. Creating the border is a pattern, one that looks tribal and
feminine all at the same time, swirls and curlicues that artistically represent
hands joining hands with one another in an unbreaking chain. Embroidered on a
bottom corner is a tiny J that denotes the designer as Jocelynn.